fix: custom fonts not rendering properly when multiple font format files are added for the same font. (#47)
brainstormforce/custom-fonts: README.md

## Changelog ##

### 1.3.1 ###

> - fix: Font not rendered properly in case of multiple font format files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- fix: Font not rendered properly when multiple font format files are added for a single font.
```
